Elizabeth Yang (楊安立), CEO and Founder of Yang Law Offices, has been practicing law since 2007 and specializes in Family Law, including divorce, child custody, child support, alimony, asset division, prenups, and postnups; Intellectual Property Law, including patent, copyright, and trademark prosecution, and litigation; and Business Law, including corporate entity formation, contract drafting, contract disputes, and litigation. She is fluent in Mandarin Chinese.

At the age of 19, Elizabeth earned her Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from UC Berkeley in two and a half years.  She was admitted to the United States Patent & Trademark Office in 2007 and with her five years of engineering experience working at both Raytheon on the B2 Bomber radar system as well as at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Lab on the Mars Exploration Rover, her legal career began in the field of intellectual property.

Elizabeth was married in 2008 and had her daughter in 2009 and her son in 2010.  After only a short one-and-a-half-year-long marriage, she ended up in a four-year-long divorce between 2010 and 2014.  During this challenging period of time, she learned all about California family law from her own case, including child custody and child support issues, alimony, asset division, and even domestic violence restraining order issues. Having personally experienced the complex divorce process in California, Elizabeth understands and can relate to clients who are also undergoing emotional divorces.  She has represented family law clients both efficiently and compassionately at various stages of mediation, litigation, and trial.  Elizabeth earned her mediation certification in 2015 from the Los Angeles County Bar Association (LACBA) and has assisted many combative litigants in resolving their issues through mediation and Alternate Dispute Resolution (ADR).  She encourages her clients to do their best to save their marriages with counseling and relationships courses; if that fails, then to settle their divorce outside of court with mediation; and if that fails as well, then the last resort would be to litigation the issues before a judge.

From 2016 to 2023, Elizabeth was awarded the “Top 100 Civil Lawyers” award and the “Top 40 Lawyers Under 40” award by the National Trial Lawyers Association. From 2017 to 2021, Elizabeth was recognized by Thomson Reuters Super Lawyers as a “Rising Star” ranking her in the top 2.5% of lawyers in California, in 2022-2023, she was recognized as a “Super Lawyer”.  She was also presented with the Lawyers of Distinction award, recognizing her as the top 10% of lawyers in the United States.

Elizabeth is a best-selling author and to date, has published a total of 6 books.  In 2017, Elizabeth published her first best-selling book, “The Big Secret” alongside Jack Canfield, author of the Chicken Soup for the Soul series. In 2018, Elizabeth published her second book, “Stress-Free Divorce” to assist parties going through this very difficult time of their lives.  Her most recent books include: “The Authorities: Powerful Wisdom from Leaders in the Field,” “Women in the Modern Business World,” “Asian Women Who Bossup,” and “Social Marriage.”